{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22980\viewh17420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The interview process for Developers at Ditto takes a number of stages. The initial stage involves you being asked to build an application (see below). If you\'92re successful, you will be invited for an interview with one or more senior members of our technical team.\
We expect your solution to demonstrate your experience of software engineering principles, especially Object Oriented design and coding. If you have experience of writing Unit, Spec or automated Acceptance tests, then we strongly recommend that you implement them in your solution. Please document any assumptions you have made. This is your opportunity to showcase your skills.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Requirements of the Ditto Test 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 When writing your Ditto Test, you should create a small command-line utility to help a fictional company determine the dates on which they need to pay salaries to their Sales Department. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The company handles their Sales payroll in the following way: 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sales staff get a regular fixed base monthly salary, plus a monthly bonus 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The base salaries are paid on the last day of the month, unless that day is a Saturday, a Sunday (weekend). In that case, salaries are paid before the weekend. For the sake of this application, 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 please do not take into account public holidays. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 On the 15th day of every month bonuses are paid for the previous month, unless that day is a 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 weekend. In that case, they are paid the first Wednesday after the 15
\fs18\fsmilli9333 \up13 th 
\f1\fs24 \up0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Format of the Application 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The output of the utility needs to be a CSV file, containing the payment dates for the next twelve months. The CSV file should contain a column for the month name, a column that contains the salary payment date for that month, and a column that contains the bonus payment date. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Submitting your application 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We ask that candidates submit tests back to us within one week of receiving this document. If you feel that you are not able to keep to this timescale for whatever reason, please contact us as soon as reasonably practical to discuss this. Once completed, you should upload your work to the your designated shared drive, attaching your code as a ZIP file. The file name should include your surname and the date of submission in the following format: 
\f2\b surname-yyyymmdd.zip. 
\f0\b0 e.g. 
\f2\b Ditto-20120220.zip. 
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Although we endeavour to review your submission as quickly as possible, there may be times when we take a little longer to respond to you. Generally we aim to respond to you within 2 to 3 weeks of submission. If you would like a progress update on your submission, please contact jason@dittomusic.com, who will be able to give you a status update and also field any questions you may have. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}